GYPSY LORE
The passionate struggle of an old gypsy
for his daughter,
his dignity in life,
and for purification in death.
A tale about forgiving,
and the power of love.
My daughter, too, had a horse...
but also a trumpet.
At least show me a picture of her!
But I don't have one!
What kind of a fucking gypsy are you?
You're right, gypsy.
Let us in, John...
As long as I live,
you won't settle in here with your tales,
and this whole god-damn fucking gypsy shit!
And take your fucking angels with you!
Show me...!
Come on, old fart... stab me!
The old gypsy put on his favourite clothes,
settled on the doorstep,
and waited for the bird of death...
...but the bird avoided him...
...perhaps it caught a breath of his sins
that cannot be absolved.
Director of Photography
TAMÁS SAS
Producer
BARNA KABAY
A BENCE GYÖNGYÖSSY film.